tests out of ascari today on the track
the boom m3 from the
Rundstrecken-Challenge Nürburgring
Even if it's not that anymore
youngest model it's half mad
balances engine forward
differential drive behind the power
the car eerily balances nearly 50
50 weight distribution
As a result , he is missing for sure so long
and it's so much fun
also the soundtrack to the fun factor
Everyone at Markus Daily knows all about it
Strengthen the m3
he is fine but not overwhelming
In addition, three has 343 ps
if there is a thriving exemplars
now do not quarrel about the performance
from the stool but that's no matter the fun
I come from the performance but outside
Handling side can be about the corners
throw in the finest
in the 3rd author of the narrator and
lazy driving is therefore a real thing
competitive car with safety cell
sensible sit in the big one
braking system
there is of course all property of the 3
for the angled course of ascari
the bmw like made
Of course, a thoroughbred runs
drive in that you feel that has the
is direct and it is crazy at the same time
good possible forgive every mistake
you can not get it out of the box so fast
rest even if this is not very
strain
As Marie has such a short straight herself
this again interrupted by briefly here
you just need the fours
winding speed
it almost goes like the thing on the garden
no matter
if you take a car under something
Tax takes over the front wheels
You always push the slow one
Turning speed up to the example
Sometimes front-wheel drive happens too
in the porsche sitting behind the motor
has very light front that has a 3
just not through the 50 50th
weight distribution is called rhine
borders in the cure you have your group
enough to accelerate out the front
print
so the faction points and both
Together the suite stayed in the crew
ready and out the curve out
The greatest strength of the m3 is that it is
no weaknesses
try if the porsche in front of us
can follow
that's at least gt3 rs with 420 ps
just a bit away
Do you want that after the meta
the ex major one again and already are
we turn
in the curve I play with the porsche
I can choose more where I am
racer of the world was faster
but hangman speed me up but
The acceleration pieces are so short
jens bald
Here comes the next group
and I'm back to it again I have
almost 100 ps less than the porsche
just for this good handling with the
super weight distribution
next self to recover
lap time at 54 kilometers ascari 2 35
08 and by the way a gt3 rs
snorted circling concept would be accurate
the right car cheaper you can
do not have fun on the race track
but 346 manageable of the cost
make loosely as much fun as one
current porsche